churn_prediction/README.md, before:

# Predicting Customer Churn with Logistic Regression and XGBoost

## Overview
As part of my Machine Learning course, I was tasked with training a machine learning model to maximize accuracy on a customer churn dataset of a telcom company.
To this end, I trained a logistic regression and XGBoost model. The XGBoost model performed best with an accuracy of 97% on the test split of the dataset.
The end-to-end pipeline of the best model is available as a Pickle file.

## Objectives
- Find the best prediction model for the dataset
- Build an end-to-end machine learning pipeline, including feature selection, train-test splitting, hyperparameter tuning and model evaluation

## Dataset
The dataset used is a slightly altered version of [Telecom Churn Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mnassrib/telecom-churn-datasets), shown at [0_churn_dataset.csv](0_churn_dataset.csv). It consists of 2999 rows. Each row in the dataset represents one customer of the telcom company, with 19 features for each customer containing different attributes of that customer and a final column "Churn" as the label to predict.

The dataset is suitable for supervised machine learning as it is a binary classification task. As churned customers can be very costly, the dataset is additionally a good business use case for machine learning.

## Methodology
- Exploratory data analysis and end-to-end machine learning pipeline: [1_ML_pipeline.ipynb](1_ML_pipeline.ipynb)
- Pickle file containing preprocessing pipeline of best model: [2_preprocessor.pkl](2_preprocessor.pkl) 
- Pickle file containing best model (XGBoost): [3_best_model.pkl](3_best_model.pkl)
- Small validation dataset for testing the Pickle files: [4_validation_dataset.csv](4_validation_dataset.csv)

## Results
Comparison of accuracy of tested models:
| Model                           | Accuracy |
|---------------------------------|----------|
| Base Logstic Regression Model   | 85.50%   |
| Final Logistic Regression Model | 85.67%   |
| XGBoost Model                   | 97.00%   |

## Dependencies
See [requirements.txt](requirements.txt)

## References
- Mnassri, B. (2019). Telecom Churn Dataset. Kaggle. https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mnassrib/telecom-churn-datasets
- With generous help from Claude 3.7 Sonnet :)

## Contact
Finn Hetzler

finn.he@protonmail.com

Commit message:

Added source for churn cost vs retention cost and explained weighted accuracy as new evaluation metric

churn_prediction/README.md, after:

# Predicting Customer Churn with Logistic Regression and XGBoost

## Overview
Predicting customer churn in the telecom industry is crucial since research indicates that acquiring new clients can cost five to six times more than retaining existing ones (Verbeke et al., 2012). Based on this insight, I developed and evaluated machine learning models for churn prediction on a telcom churn dataset. Weighted accuracy was employed as the evaluation metric to place greater importance on correctly identifying the churners in the dataset. Both a logistic regression model and an XGBoost model were trained on the dataset, with the XGBoost model achieving the highest performance at __ weighted accuracy on the test split. The complete end-to-end pipeline for the best-performing model is available as a Pickle file.

## Objectives
- Find the best prediction model for the dataset
- Build an end-to-end machine learning pipeline, including feature selection, train-test splitting, hyperparameter tuning and model evaluation

## Dataset
The dataset used is a slightly altered version of [Telecom Churn Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mnassrib/telecom-churn-datasets), shown at [0_churn_dataset.csv](0_churn_dataset.csv). It consists of 2999 rows. Each row in the dataset represents one customer of the telcom company, with 19 features for each customer containing different attributes of that customer and a final column "Churn" as the label to predict.

The dataset is suitable for supervised machine learning as it is a binary classification task. As churned customers can be very costly, the dataset is additionally a good business use case for machine learning.

## Methodology
- Exploratory data analysis and end-to-end machine learning pipeline: [1_ML_pipeline.ipynb](1_ML_pipeline.ipynb)
- Pickle file containing preprocessing pipeline of best model: [2_preprocessor.pkl](2_preprocessor.pkl) 
- Pickle file containing best model (XGBoost): [3_best_model.pkl](3_best_model.pkl)
- Small validation dataset for testing the Pickle files: [4_validation_dataset.csv](4_validation_dataset.csv)

## Results
Comparison of accuracy of tested models:
| Model                           | Accuracy |
|---------------------------------|----------|
| Base Logstic Regression Model   | 85.50%   |
| Final Logistic Regression Model | 85.67%   |
| XGBoost Model                   | 97.00%   |

## Dependencies
See [requirements.txt](requirements.txt)

## References
- Mnassri, B. (2019). Telecom Churn Dataset. Kaggle. https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mnassrib/telecom-churn-datasets
- Verbeke, W., Dejaeger, K., Martens, D., Hur, J., & Baesens, B. (2012). New insights into churn prediction in the telecommunication sector: A profit driven data mining approach. European Journal of Operational Research, 218(1), 211–229. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2011.09.031
- With generous help from Claude 3.7 Sonnet :)

## Contact
Finn Hetzler

finn.he@protonmail.com
